quick verbiage adjustment to be accurate (#14895)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/ambient/getting-started/index.md

description: How to deploy and install Istio in ambient mode.
weight: 1
owner: istio/wg-networking-maintainers

> test: no

Author: I thought we needed in `no` from what @ericvn said here: https://github.com/istio/istio.io/pull/14805#issuecomment-2047498807 but maybe I misunderstood, @ericvn can you confirm?

> test: no

Reviewer: Don't change this. In 1.21, we are testing this page. This page's content does not work against master, so the test is disabled there.

> test: no

Author: sorry @ericvn I'm not following, should I leave it as it is right now `test: no` or should I change it to `test: yes`?

> test: no

Reviewer: It should remain yes.

test: yes
---

> {{< boilerplate ambient-alpha-warning >}}

Reviewer: I believe we can leave the Alpha warning on 1.21. It would be removed in master which reflects the 1.22 release.

Author: But if ambient is on beta why do we want to leave this warning?

Reviewer 2: Yes, we should leave the warning. Sorry I missed that.

Author: understood, thanks for confirming I will add it shortly

## Adding your application to the ambient mesh {#addtoambient}

> Ambient mesh data plane relies on the ztunnel DaemonSet to redirect traffic. Before we label the namespace to be part of an ambient mesh, check the ztunnel pods to make sure they are in a healthy state:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Ambient mesh data plane relies on the ztunnel DaemonSet to redirect traffic. Check the ztunnel pods to make sure they are in a healthy state:
```

For clarity. When ztunnel becomes ready, the CNI will "refresh" the configuration so it's not necessary to wait to label the namespace.

## Uninstall {#uninstall}

> The label instructing Istio to automatically include applications in the `default` namespace of an ambient mesh is not removed by default. Use the following command to remove it:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Remove the label instructing Istio to enroll applications in the `default` namespace in the ambient mesh. It is not removed by `istioctl` during uninstallation.
```

## Uninstall {#uninstall}

Remove the label instructing Istio to enroll applications in the `default` namespace in the ambient mesh. It is not removed by `istioctl` during removal.

{{< text bash >}}
$ kubectl label namespace default istio.io/dataplane-mode-
{{< /text >}}

With the label removed, we can check the logs once again to verify the proxy removal:

{{< text bash >}}
$ kubectl logs ds/ztunnel -n istio-system  | grep inpod
Found 3 pods, using pod/ztunnel-jrxln
inpod_enabled: true
inpod_uds: /var/run/ztunnel/ztunnel.sock
inpod_port_reuse: true
inpod_mark: 1337
2024-03-26T00:02:06.161802Z  INFO ztunnel::inpod::workloadmanager: handling new stream
2024-03-26T00:02:06.162099Z  INFO ztunnel::inpod::statemanager: pod received snapshot sent
2024-03-26T00:41:05.518194Z  INFO ztunnel::inpod::statemanager: pod WorkloadUid("7ef61e18-725a-4726-84fa-05fc2a440879") received netns, starting proxy
2024-03-26T00:50:14.856284Z  INFO ztunnel::inpod::statemanager: pod delete request, draining proxy
{{< /text >}}

To remove waypoint proxies, installed policies, and uninstall Istio:

{{< text bash >}}

> $ istioctl x waypoint delete --all

Reviewer: We usually expand experimental
```suggestion
$ istioctl experimental waypoint delete --all
```
